README.md, before:

Bootstrapx Clickover
=================

bootstrapx clickover provides enhancements to [Twitter Bootstrap Popovers](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap#popover) to allow popovers to be opened/closed with click events and some other niceities

Quick Start
-----------

After including bootstrapx-clickover.js do the following:

 $('rel["clickover"]').clickover();

Requires
--------

Must include bootstrap's tooltip and popover js libraries and bootstrap's css

Currently it supports verisons: 2.0.x

Not tested with bootstrap: 2.1.x (please give it a try and open a bug if you run into an issue)

Resources
---------

See examples at http://www.leecarmichael.com/bootstrapx-clickover/examples.html

Version
-----------

1.0.0

Bug tracker
-----------

Have a bug? Please create an issue here on GitHub!

https://github.com/lecar-red/bootstrapx-clickover/issues

Copyright and license
---------------------

Copyright 2012 Lee Carmichael

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this work except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

See Details of Bootstrap's license at: https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap

Commit message:

Upgrade for compatibility with Bootstrap 2.2.2
-Upgrade for compatibility with Bootstrap 2.2.2

Signed-off-by: Matthew Muscat <matthew@mamis.com.au>

README.md, after:

Bootstrapx Clickover
=================

Bootstrapx Clickover provides enhancements to [Twitter Bootstrap Popovers](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap#popover) to allow popovers to be opened/closed with click events.

This repo is a fork of leecar-red's original Bootstrapx Clickover, however this repo will aim to keep itself always up to date with the latest stable bootstrap version. While backwards compatibilty may be possible, this repo is about moving forward - the plugin versioning will match bootstraps primary versioning syntax to indicate compatibility.

Quick Start
-----------

After including bootstrapx-clickover.js do the following:

 $('rel["clickover"]').clickover();

Requires
--------

Must include bootstrap's tooltip and popover js libraries and bootstrap's css

Currently this plugin is at version 2.2.2, which supports Bootstrap verison: 2.2.2

I have not tested with previous versions of bootstrap, however backwards compatibilty may be possible.


Version
-----------

2.2.2

Bug tracker
-----------

Have a bug? Please create an issue here on GitHub!

https://github.com/matthew-muscat/bootstrapx-clickover/issues

Copyright and license
---------------------

Original Bootstrapx Clickover is Copyright 2012 Lee Carmichael

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this work except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

See Details of Bootstrap's license at: https://github.com/twitter/bootstrap
